README.md, before:

# jjakob's wiki

## Guides

#### GNU/Linux

- [Migrating an unencrypted PureOS/Debian install to fully encrypted](Linux/Migrating-an-unencrypted-PureOS-Debian-install-to-fully-encrypted.md)
- [Disable systemd-resolved, replace with resolvconf (works with dhclient)](Linux/Disable-systemd-resolved,-replace-with-resolvconf-\(works-with-dhclient\).md)

#### Hardware

- [How to fix LSI SAS BIOS freezing when booting](Hardware/How-to-fix-LSI-SAS-BIOS-freezing-when-booting.md)
- [Cross-flashing LSI RAID cards](Hardware/Cross-flashing-LSI-RAID-cards.md)
- [Upgrading firmware on Emulex OCe10100 (IBM 49Y4201 49Y4202)](Hardware/Upgrading-firmware-on-Emulex-OCe10100-IBM-49Y4201-49Y4202.md)

***

```
    Copyright (C) 2019-2024 Jernej Jakob <jernej.jakob@gmail.com>.
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
```

Commit message:

Add new guide: Linux/Postfix-rewrite-From-header...

README.md, after:

# jjakob's wiki

## Guides

#### GNU/Linux

- [Migrating an unencrypted PureOS/Debian install to fully encrypted](Linux/Migrating-an-unencrypted-PureOS-Debian-install-to-fully-encrypted.md)
- [Disable systemd-resolved, replace with resolvconf (works with dhclient)](Linux/Disable-systemd-resolved,-replace-with-resolvconf-\(works-with-dhclient\).md)
- [Postfix rewrite From header, route all mail to smarthost, client SASL auth, TLS](Linux/Postfix-rewrite-From-header,-route-all-mail-to-smarthost,-client-SASL-auth,-TLS.md)

#### Hardware

- [How to fix LSI SAS BIOS freezing when booting](Hardware/How-to-fix-LSI-SAS-BIOS-freezing-when-booting.md)
- [Cross-flashing LSI RAID cards](Hardware/Cross-flashing-LSI-RAID-cards.md)
- [Upgrading firmware on Emulex OCe10100 (IBM 49Y4201 49Y4202)](Hardware/Upgrading-firmware-on-Emulex-OCe10100-IBM-49Y4201-49Y4202.md)

***

```
    Copyright (C) 2019-2024 Jernej Jakob <jernej.jakob@gmail.com>.
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
```
